1:
Da'at: Welcome, young one. To the trials of destruction! Use WASD / Arrow keys to walk, and space to jump.
Balagan: ...Young one? Really? You are looking at the future god of destruction!
Da'at: Don't get sassy with me, kid. You might have been born a god, but you will not remain one lest you prove yourself on this day.
Balagan: Alright, I get it, chill.
Da'at: I find your lightheadedness deeply concerning. You will have to pass all trials by reaching the designated goal, after which the next trial will begin, and so on, and so forth.
Balagan: ..Continuing the cycle of who cares... So I just have to stand on the goal? Is that it?
Da'at: I have protected the Start and the Goal of each trial.
Balagan: Cool. Wait, what?

-1:
Da'at: Welcome, young one. To the trials of destruction! Use Left stick to walk, and A to jump.
Balagan: ...Young one? Really? You are looking at the future god of destruction!
Da'at: Don't get sassy with me, kid. You might have been born a god, but you will not remain one lest you prove yourself on this day.
Balagan: Alright, I get it, chill.
Da'at: I find your lightheadedness deeply concerning. You will have to pass all trials by reaching the designated goal, after which the next trial will begin, and so on, and so forth.
Balagan: ..Continuing the cycle of who cares... So I just have to stand on the goal? Is that it?
Da'at: I have protected the Start and the Goal of each trial.
Balagan: Cool. Wait, what?

2:
Da'at: Well done.
Balagan: I have <b>several</b> questions!
Da'at: No time for questions, young one. Much trials to be had, yes?
Balagan: I think my power is broken, I'm destroying everything I touch-
Da'at: Did you know that you can zoom out using the F key?
Balagan: Key?
Da'at: Also you can self destruct by pressing R to restart the trial, and preserve a small amount of dignity when failing.
Balagan: But I-
Da'at: Off you go!

-2:
Da'at: Well done.
Balagan: I have <b>several</b> questions!
Da'at: No time for questions, young one. Much trials to be had, yes?
Balagan: I think my power is broken, I'm destroying everything I touch-
Da'at: Did you know that you can zoom out using the Triggers?
Balagan: Triggers?
Da'at: Also you can self destruct by pressing Select to restart the trial, and preserve a small amount of dignity when failing.
Balagan: But I-
Da'at: Off you go!

3:
Balagan: Ah, finally someething that won't burn when I touch it.
Da'at: Oh, no... no young one. The stones won't burn. Have no fear.
Balagan: Good.
Da'at: No... no... they will crumble.
Balagan: Ah... Sweet...

4:
Balagan: The stones take longer to crumble then the wood takes to burn!
Da'at: Very perceptive, kid!
Balagan: I feel like I have learned a valuable lesson about destruction!
Da'at: Great!
Balagan: Yay! Can I leave now?
Da'at: Absolutely not!
Balagan: Arrrggghh...

5:
Balagan: Remind me how these trials qualify anyone to be a god of destruction again?
Da'at: The trials are all about restraint of your destructive powers. You can't just go around destroying stuff all wily nilly, you have to do it responsibly.
Balagan: But I just want to demolish everything I see and charge in like a bull.
Da'at: Well, let's see how far that approach will get you, shall we?

6:
Da'at: That was very good, Balagan! I wish your father would have been around to see it.
Balagan: My dad is gone?!
Da'at: Ah, shoot. I was supposed to tell you after you were done.
Balagan: When? How?! I thought we were immortal...
Da'at: Immortality is a fancy word for not dying of age, son. Your kind can still very much get destroyed. Like in this trial.
Balagan: What did you do?
Da'at: Oh, nothing...
Balagan: Da'at... what did you do?
Da'at: Don't touch the skully ones, 'kay?

7:
Balagan: Skulls kill... That's next level symbol usage man.
Da'at: Thanks, made 'em myself.
Balagan: So how did my father... depart?
Da'at: Tragic workplace accident. He slipped and destroyed himself. By the time the rest of us got there, there was nothing that the god of medical assistance could have done.
Balagan:...That's horrible. What was he working on before the accident?
Da'at: He was destroying children's' dreams of becoming rich and famous.
Balagan: Ha! Haha! Ah, the old man did have a talent for this job.
Da'at: Yes, he did son, hehe...
Balagan: This next trial is for him!
Da'at: Godspeed, kid!

8:
Da'at: Destruction is a necessary part of creation, Balagan.
Balagan: Is it though?
Da'at: Positively, yes. Don't believe me? Destroy the wind blocks to create a gust of wind that carries your godliness sky high.
Balagan: Ohh... looks fancy.

9:
Balagan: Wow, Da'at, you really enjoy just sitting there and watching me fall on my face all this time!
Da'at: It's kind of great! I wish I had some popcorn to go with it.
Balagan: You are the worst.
Da'at: Silence! *Imitates popcorn consumption sounds* Trials! Now!

10:
Da'at: Alright, enough silliness. This trial introduces some next level elements.
Balagan: Bring it.
Da'at: This is a lock. And it will remain locked until the corresponding key is destroyed.
Balagan: That's not how keys work...
Da'at: It will be up to you to choose if you must destroy or preserve the locks! Destroy too much, and you are doomed. Destroy too little, and you remain trapped!
Balagan: Which is different from doomed, how?
Da'at: I... You... Just get on with it, smartass.

11:
Da'at: Kiss your speedrunning goodbye with this one, child. This lock and key maze will test your mind!
Balagan: <size=60>Laaaammmeeeeeee</size>
Da'at: Let the mind bending... BEGIN!

12:
Da'at: Do you like chains, Balagan?
Balagan: Chains? What the fudge?
Da'at: You know, the chains are bound together. A tear in a single link will cause the chain to break down.
Balagan: That's your weakest element introduction so far.
Da'at: How dare you!

13:
Balagan: Where do you come up with the designs for these trials?!
Da'at: All in a day's work. Plus the editor makes it really simple.
Balagan: What was that?
Da'at: Oh, nothing!

14:
Balagan: Say Da'at, there was something I have been meaning to ask you.
Da'at: Out with it.
Balagan: Are you a god too?
Da'at: Oh, come now. Don't be silly.
Balagan: Silly because you are or because you aren't?
Da'at: If I were a god, would I have been able to manipulate your powers of destruction?
Balagan: ...Yes?

15:
Da'at: It is important to know, that some things are never permanently destroyed.
Balagan: Like love?
Da'at: ...I was referring to the hourglass elements over there, but yes, love counts too. Happy now?
Balagan: Yes.


16:
Da'at: Hey, Balagan! This particular trial will be X-tremely difficult! You will have to be X-tra careful!
Balagan: Please, stop.
Da'at: I don't know what you were X-pecting!
Balagan: Your sense of humor has X-pired, move on!


17:
Da'at: I am not seen, yet I guide your way. What am I?
Balagan: You are that weird new element that I spy over there.
Da'at: You are no fun.

18:
Balagan: Oh god, more shadow-ey ghost elements.
Da'at: I kind of overbooked them, so... you know... have fun!

19:
Da'at: Just a hop, skip, and a death defying leap.
Balagan: Speaking of... are we in space?
Da'at: What?
Balagan: Are we, both of us, and the trials, in space?
Da'at: Mm... yes.
Balagan: How?
Da'at: What do you mean? Everything is in space.

20:
Balagan: I can't get over this chain bridge without falling.
Da'at: Yes, wise call! Use the lighting marked block over there.
Balagan: What does it do?
Da'at: Once broken, it will restrain your powers for a short while, making you unable to destroy anything. After that short while, however...
Balagan: Yes?
Da'at: You will kind of... Explode?
Balagan: WHAT?!
Da'at: Don't worry, I'm sure you will be fine. Any blocks caught in the explosion though will be annihilated on the spot. Have fun!
